React icons documentation revamp (#23438)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-components/react-components/src/Concepts/Icons/Icon.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { Spinner } from '@fluentui/react-spinner';

<Meta title="Concepts/Developer/Icons" />

## Icons

> The Fluent UI SVG icon set is released under the MIT License. There are three ways you can consume the fluent icon set in your application, with perks and drawbacks to each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fluent UI icon set is released under the MIT License. There are three ways you can consume the Fluent icon set in your application, with perks and drawbacks to each.
```

The icons are not always consumed as SVGs.

> ### Fluent Icons as React Elements

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
### Fluent icons as React elements
```

Each icon also accepts `className` and `primaryFill` props for styling.

### Fluent Icons as Fonts

> Fluent icons also can be consumed as a font. The API is the same as the React element icons, and there are tools to allow you to more seamlessly integrate the font icons

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
Fluent icons can also be consumed as a font. The API is the same as the React element icons, and there are tools to allow you to more seamlessly integrate the font icons
```

> The fluent icons also can be consumed as a font. The API is the same as the react-element icons, and there are tools to allow you to more seamlessly integrate the font icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent icons also can be consumed as a font. The API is the same as the React element icons, and there are tools to allow you to more seamlessly integrate the font icons
```

> into your application. You will also be able to only bundle the font icons you need in your application using the the package `@fluentui/react-icons-font-subsetting-webpack-plugin`

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
into your application. You will also be able to only bundle the font icons you need in your application using the `@fluentui/react-icons-font-subsetting-webpack-plugin` package.
```

If `optimization.usedExports` is enabled (as it is by default), this plugin will subset the font files to only include the glyphs actually used by your build.
Here is how you set up your webpack configuration to use font files in your application:

```js
// webpack.config.js
const {
  default: FluentUIReactIconsFontSubsettingPlugin,
} = require('@fluentui/react-icons-font-subsetting-webpack-plugin');

module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      // Treat the font files as webpack assets
      {
        test: /\.(ttf|woff2?)$/,
        type: 'asset',
      },
    ],
  },
  resolve: {
    // Include 'fluentIcontFont' to use the font implementation of the Fluent icons
    conditionNames: ['fluentIcontFont', 'import'],
  },
  plugins: [
    // Include this plugin
    new FluentUIReactIconsFontSubsettingPlugin(),
  ],
};
```

### Fluent Icons as SVG Sprites

> Another way that you can consume the fluent icons is by using them as svg-sprites. The fluent svg-sprites are located in the package `@fluentui/svg-sprites`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent icons can be consumed as SVG sprites. The Fluent SVG sprites are located in the package `@fluentui/svg-sprites`.
```

This package provides the Fluent UI System Icons as SVG sprites, which allow user agents to request and cache icons at runtime.

For security reasons, most user agents require the sprites to be served from the same hostname, protocol and port. During development, requests can be proxied to a specific release on e.g. jsdelivr which you have vetted for integrity, a bucket in the cloud, or served from the service’s file system.

For Storybook, `middleware.js` allows the configuration of `http-proxy-middleware` like so:

```js
const { createProxyMiddleware } = require('http-proxy-middleware');

const expressMiddleWare = router => {
  router.use(
    '/sprites',
    createProxyMiddleware({
      target: 'http://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@fluentui/svg-sprites',
      changeOrigin: true,
      followRedirects: true,
    }),
  );
};

module.exports = expressMiddleWare;
```

Sprites can then be consumed by the client like so:

```tsx
export const Icon = (props: IconProps) => {
  const { icon, variant = 'regular', size = 20 } = props;
  const assetId = `${icon}_${size}_${variant}`;
  return (
    <svg>
      <use href={`/sprites/${assetId}.sprite.svg#${assetId}`} />
    </svg>
  );
};
```

> ## Pros and Cons of Each Icon Approach

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
## Pros and cons of each approach
```

> #### Icons as React Elements

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
#### Icons as React elements
```

Pros

> - The visual fidelity of the icons imported here are the highest

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
- The visual fidelity of the icons imported here is the highest.
```

> - These icons are the easiest to use right out of the gate. They require no setup except for importing the icons that you need from `@fluentui/react-icons`
> - Has tree shaking enabled when using ES modules

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
- These icons are the easiest to use right out of the gate. They require no setup except for importing the icons that you need from `@fluentui/react-icons`.
- Has tree shaking enabled when using ES modules.
```

> - Has treeshaking enabled when using esm node modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Has tree shaking enabled when using ES modules
```

Cons

> - If you are not using esm modules in your application, then treeshaking will not work properly, and icons that you don't use in the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are not using ES modules in your application, then tree shaking will not work properly, and icons that you don't use in the application
```

  could get bundled in along with the icons you do use. This means your perf and bundle size would take a hit importing the icons.

> #### Icons as Font

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
#### Icons as fonts
```

Pros

> - Render perf is better in applications, as the font files are downloaded on application load and get rendered as an image
> - The font subsetting webpack plugin detects the icons that you use in your application and downloads only those to your application

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
- Render perf is better in applications, as the font files are downloaded on application load and get rendered as an image.
- The font subsetting webpack plugin detects the icons that you use in your application and only downloads those to your application.
```

Cons

> - There is a slight dropoff in the visual fidelity of the font icons, but this is not noticeable at most sizes
> - There is more setup required to use the font icons than using the SVG based icons i.e, setting up the webpack plugin

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
- There is a slight dropoff in the visual fidelity of the font icons, but this is not noticeable at most sizes.
- There is more setup required to use the font icons than using the SVG based icons i.e, setting up the webpack plugin.
```

> - There is more setup required to use the font icons than using the svg based icons i.e, setting up the webpack plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is more setup required to use the font icons than using the SVG based icons i.e, setting up the webpack plugin
```

> #### Icons as Svg Sprites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Icons as SVG Sprites
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Icons as SVG sprites
```

Pros

> - You can request and cache the icons at runtime. This drastically reduces the number of HTTP requests, improving render perf right out of the gate
> - You can use a simple `svg` html tag with the `use` tag to quickly and efficiently insert the icons you want to use in your application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can request and cache the icons at runtime. This drastically reduces the number of HTTP requests, improving render perf right out of the gate.
- You can use a simple `svg` html tag with the `use` tag to quickly and efficiently insert the icons you want to use in your application.
```

Cons

> - Using symbol sprites won't work for multicolored icons
> - Any new icons used has to be cached again

Reviewer 2: _nit:_

```suggestion
- Using symbol sprites won't work for multicolored icons.
- Any new icons used have to be cached again.
```
